Do you have any tattoos or piercings?
At what age did you learn that the other gender have different genitals?
What is your biggest turn off in a partner?
If you had to choose, who would you pick to exchange your girlfriend/boyfriend with?
Have you ever had a crush on someone here?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Who do you miss seeing the most?
How far would you go on a first date?
Have you ever had a same-sex crush?
What is the most attractive quality in a partner?
Have you ever written a fanfiction?
Whose voice do you like the most?
Who's the most attractive person you know?
Do you remember your first crush?
How old is the oldest person you've dated?
What personality traits would cause you to end a friendship?
What is the last letter in the name of your crush?
What's your favorite thing about your crush?
Who's your 'celebrity crush'?
What would you do to let someone that you are interested in know that you like them?
Who here do you want to cuddle with the most?
If you could only pick one swear word to use for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Have you ever stalked someone? If you have, who was it?
When was the last time you were daydreaming about someone you admire?
Who's the oldest person you've dated?
Why did your last relationship end?
What's the most romantic thing you've ever done?
What’s something that gives you the ick about a person?
What is the first letter in the name of your crush?
What's something you find attractive that others may not?
Have you ever lied to your partner about being with others before or during your relationship?
What's the craziest thing you would do to make a crush like you back?
Have you ever spread a false rumor on purpose?
Who's more attractive, you or your best friend?
Have you ever got caught cheating on an assignment?
What's the most embarrassing thing in your web history?
Would you ever swap partners with anyone?
Have you ever made out in an elevator?
What would you do on the perfect first date?
What's your dream gift for Valentine's?
Which two people here would make the best couple?
Do you believe there is only one other person in the world for you or many?
What Disney character do you think is the hottest?
Who do you secretly think is hot?
Have you ever pressed charges on anyone?
Why wouldn't you marry your current partner?
What's your ideal person to date like?
What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of people?
How was your first kiss?
What's one thing you dislike about the opposite/different gender?
What's something you're glad your family doesn't know about you?
Who in this room do you most want to see in a bikini?
Have you ever stolen money from your roommate?
Have you ever kissed a friend's sibling?
What was your worst kiss?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What's the stupidest thing you've done for a crush?
Would you let a friend look through your browsing history?
Have you ever been robbed?
When was the last time you peed your pants?
What is the most embarrassing thing that your parents have caught you doing?
What is your favorite thing about your partner?
Who was the first person you said "I love you" to?
What's the creepiest text you've gotten from a stranger?
Who would die first in a horror movie about this server?
Have you been in any fights at school?
What’s the first thing you’d do if you could inhabit the body of the opposite sex for one hour?
What's your favorite anime?
Why did you stop liking your previous crush?
How many people have you dated?
Have you ever had a crush on two people at the same time?
What's the biggest age difference of a crush you've had?
Have you ever taken a picture of someone hot in public?
What do you want your parents not to find out about the most?
Would you ever get a tattoo?
Where are you the most ticklish?
What do you like about your ex?
Do you have a crush on anyone here?
Who was your first crush?
What is the most romantic thing that has ever been done for you?
What do you remember most about your first crush?
Have you ever friendzoned someone?
Who has the best voice in the server?
Who would make your parents freak out if you brought them home?
How many parties have you thrown at your house?
What's the most embarrassing thing that's happened when you asked someone out?
Which two people here would make the worst couple?
What do you value most in a relationship?
How many exes numbers are currently in your phone?
Can you see yourself being married to the creepiest kid at your school someday?
In the group, who do you think fits the dumb role?
Have you ever thrown up in someone’s car?
Who is the most attractive person in the room?
Do you think you're attractive?
How often do you drink alcohol?
What is the thing that you shouldn't know but you know entirely about it?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
How do you prepare before a date?
Who from here would you date and why?
What do you look for in a partner?
What do you like to do that's traditionally considered masculine?
Have you ever smoked?
What are some things you don’t understand about the opposite sex?
Out of the last three people you texted, if you had to kiss one of them who would you pick?
If you could make out with one Disney character, who would it be?
Would you still love your significant other if they gained 100 pounds?
Who here would be the worst person to date?
Why did your last relationship break down?
Have you ever shoplifted?
Do you prefer to date people older or younger than you?
What was your funniest first date ever?
What is the most romantic thing that you have ever done?
Do you have a crush on anyone?
Would you break up with someone over text?
What's the first letter of your crush's name?
What was your worst nightmare?
Have you ever threatened someone other than your family or friends?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done on a date?
Who's the hottest person at work or school?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
What was your absolute worst bathroom experience?
What's the most violent thing you've ever done?
Hot or not: belly button piercings?
What's the craziest thing that you have ever done without your parents knowing?
Would you still love your crush if they gained 100 pounds?
What's the biggest number of crushes you've had at one time?
Do you have trust issues?
What's your idea of a perfect, romantic date?
Have you ever been intimate in a public place?
What's something that your parents did to you that you will never do to your kids?
Does the thought of kissing the person to your left excite you?
What's your trick for getting attention from a crush?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Have you ever gone out without wearing a bra or underwear?
Have you ever peed around the toilet, but not in the hole?
Out of everyone here, who would you pick to date if you had to pick someone?
Would you ever go back with your ex?
What's something that would be horrible if your parents found out?
Which date do you prefer the most, breakfast date or dinner date?
Would you prefer to date someone younger or older than you?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What makes you fall in love with someone?
What is the biggest turn off in a partner?
Would you ever be polyamorous?
Would you fly in a plane to date someone?
Have you ever had a relationship you kept secret? Why?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
When was the last time you had a hug?
What made you fall in love with your crush/partner?
Have you ever had a crush on a co-worker?
Would you ever date someone you met online?
Have you ever worn the same underwear for more than one day?
Do you have someone you miss a lot, but don't want to think about? why?
If you had to describe your body to someone else, what would you say?
How old were you when you had your first crush?
Who here are you most jealous of?
What's the most disgusting prank you've ever played?
Have you ever thought of cheating on your partner?
If you were stranded on an island, who is the one person you would want to be stuck with you?
How many times have you snuck out of the house?
Who would be the best partner here?
Would you stay naked at home if you lived alone?
If you had to kiss one person here, who would you pick?
Have your parents ever given you the 'birds and bees' talk?
Why did you break up with your last partner, and who broke up with who?
What was your most embarassing moment?
Do you love your partner?
What would be the first thing you do if you woke up as the opposite/different sex?
Have you ever kissed someone without permission?
Would you ever get back with an ex?
What's the most illegal thing you've ever done?
Who in the group would be the hottest in 15 years?
Who is your boyfriend/girlfriend/partner?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself in front of a crush?
What's something that you find cute that you think is underrated?
What is your biggest insecurity?
What is the craziest pick up line you have ever heard?
What's the riskiest thing you've done?
Have you ever been cheated on?
If you had to go on a date with someone in this room, who would it be?
What is the worst intimate experience that you have had?
Do you like anyone in this group more than a friend?
If you had to kill one person here, who would it be?
What's the first thing you would do if you found out you could become invisible?
Have you ever considered cheating?
What did you last search for on your phone web browser?
Do you simp for any streamers?
Do you love the person you're playing this with?
What would you do if your parents left the house to you for a whole week?
What was the most physically painful experience of your life?
Have you ever snuck anyone into the house?
What's something about your last relationship that you could have improved?
Why did you break up with your first girlfriend/boyfriend?
Do you prefer making a first step in relationship or do you prefer your SO to do it?
Who's the last person you simped for?
Have you ever asked someone out and got rejected? What happened?
Do you still have feelings for your ex?
What's the sketchiest thing you've seen/heard?
What is your favourite anime?
Have you gotten over your last partner? Have you *really* gotten over them?
What things are you shallow about?
Do you still have feelings for an ex?
Would you ever get on a dating website?
Have you ever had feelings for a friend or family member’s significant other?
Have you ever had a crush on anyone here?
Who here is best at flirting?
Have you ever sent someone to the hospital? If so, how?
Who would you pick to exchange your partner with if you had to choose?
When's the last time you sharted?
What action from your past would put you in jail if law enforcement ever found out about it?
Would you marry your partner?
What's the naughtiest thing you've done in public?
If you had to date anyone here who would it be?
Do you fall in love easily?
Have you ever been tempted to cheat on someone?
What happened on the worst day of your life?
How old is the youngest person you've dated?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a taxi/carpool?
What would be important for a partner to know about you?
What's the stupidest thing you've done in front of someone you liked?
How many people have you kissed?
Would you kiss your best friend?
