What was the nastiest joke you ever played on someone?
Do others think you are annoying?
What makes you happy?
If it's raining outside, what activity do you most want to do?
What doesn't exist, but should?
Who is one person you wish was still in your life?
Are you a left-handed or right-handed?
Are there any rules or social norms that piss you off?
Which famous person do you hate?
What is your favorite kind of music to listen to?
What's something that changed your perspective of life?
What is the worst present anyone has given you?
What is something you've always wanted to try but have been too scared of?
Have you changed since you met the others here?
What's something that you find difficult, but you think in your mind it should be easy?
Have you ever had someone write a paper for you?
What's the most embarrassing nickname you've ever had?
If you could learn when you die, would you?
Who do you have on your Facebook block or limited list?
Would you want to live forever if you could?
When was a time that you completely lost it?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
What are 5 things you want to do before you die?
What's the strangest dream you've had?
In emergency situations, how do you react?
Would you break up with your partner for 1 million dollars? 1 billion?
What is the one thing that you never got the chance to do?
Have you ever worn the same clothes for more than three days?
How big of a simp are you?
What types of things do you procrastinate the most on?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
Was there ever a time in your life that you thought you were going to die?
If given a chance would you propose someone here?
If you had to choose brains or beauty, which would you pick?
What is the best thing that can happen in the first 5 minutes after waking up?
If you could stop the time, what would you do?
What's the most difficult choice you were asked to make?
What's the TV show you binge-watched all day?
What do you wish everyone understood about you?
Have you ever gotten stitches?
Do you believe in ghosts? If so, are you scared of them?
What's one job you'll never work?
What is your favourite animal?
Do you have any memories before the age of five?
Is there anything that you’ve regretted spending money on?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
Who is your least favorite person in this server?
What do you try to do to make the world a little better?
What's the story about the last time you cried?
What has been one of your most embarrassing moments?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've seen happen to someone else?
What's your favorite music genre?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What compliment do you get the most?
Who is the easiest to talk to in this server?
What was the best thing you learned in the past year?
Who's your idol?
What was your last argument you had with someone about?
If you could be a professional athlete in any sport, what sport would you choose?
Have you ever peed in a swimming pool?
What's a funny story from your childhood?
What is your dream city to live in?
What have you been thinking about lately that has kept you up at night?
Do you have any chores?
What was your weirdest dream?
What was your most recent embarrassing moment?
When is the last time you talked about someone behind their back?
Where's the next place you want to visit?
What’s something you’re afraid to tell people?
What is your scariest imagination when you fall to sleep?
If you had only one more day to live, what would you do?
What is your favorite color?
What are your favorite Discord bots?
What do you love most about where you grew up?
Do you apologize after an argument?
What food would you never give up in a million years?
What is your most treasured memory?
Which do you like better, dogs or cats?
What is your favourite kind of clothing?
What emoji do you use waay too much?
What's the weirdest thing about you? Are you proud of it?
If you could say anything to one person in your life without any consequences, what would it be?
Have you ever thrown up on a plane?
Have you ever taken money from your roommate?
What was your last "ah-ha" moment?
What was the most embarrassing thing you accidentally texted to the wrong person?
Do you like mayonaise?
Who do you care about the most?
What's one thing you learned the "hard way"?
What's some small thing you recently noticed?
If you could be any animal, which one would you be?
What's a food you like that no one else does?
Are you afraid of dying?
What is the worst thing that somebody ever said to you?
Who do you always want to see smiling?
What do you like to do that's considered touristy?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
Who's the last person you called by the wrong name?
Have you faked being sick to stay home from school?
Do you like furries?
What animal most resembles your personality?
What's a weird food combination you actually like?
When have you had to walk away in shame?
Do you have a dream job in mind? What would it be?
Who is your favourite singer?
Do you think you'd be a good parent?
What are the top three qualities you admire in others?
If there was no such thing as money, what would you do with your life?
What is your current go-to song to dance to when nobody is around?
Who in your family can you not believe you're related to?
What is a secret that you have never told anyone before?
If you write a book, what would it be about?
If you were given $10,000, what are 3 things you would buy?
Have you ever confessed to someone that you like them?
How many best friends do you have? Who is the bestest?
Do you have a reoccurring dream?
What would you like to be reincarnated as?
If you had to listen to one genre of music for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What kind of candy would you want to be in your birthday present?
What is the most trouble that you ever got into in school?
What's the best comeback you've ever heard?
What's the longest you've ever gone without taking a bath?
Who in this group is the most similar to you?
Have you ever failed something purposefully?
Have you ever stolen money from your parents?
Roblox or Minecraft?
What's a situation when you look back you should have gone ahead and done it?
Are you often hard on yourself?
Have you ever left a restaurant without paying the bill?
If you were the opposite gender for the day? What do you think you would wear? What would you do?
Do you think rain smells good?
Who on this server do you talk to the most and why?
If you could assign one household chore to someone else, what would it be?
Who is someone you recently thought about that you haven't seen or talked to in years?
Have you ever laughed at a totally inappropriate moment?
Have you ever spread a rumor?
Who in this room would be the worst to be trapped in an elevator with?
Would you stop talking to all of your friends for a million dollars?
What's something that makes you laugh?
What sound will instantly melt your heart?
What is something you thought would be a great idea but was terrible when you actually did it?
Where is the strangest place you've used the bathroom?
What kind of bird would you like to be?
What question are you trying to answer most in your life right now?
What's the most recent interesting conversation you had?
Do you practice what you say before making a call? Why?
What college do you plan on going to?
When was the last time you spied on someone's text messages?
What's your go-to funny story now, but was horrendous at that moment?
Have you ever had an imaginary friend? If so, what was their name?
What is the most expensive thing you own?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
What talent do you have that's embarrassing to share?
What's your most embarrassing swimming story?
Can you explain love?
What is the one highest standard you hold yourself to?
How many times did you put gum under the table in school?
Are you ticklish? If so, where?
How many siblings do you have?
What is the most recent silly thing you did?
Have you smelled the inside of a seashell?
What is your "guilty pleasure"?
If you suddenly won the lottery, what would you spend it on?
What is your secret talent?
Do you have any hidden talents?
What is the hardest course for you at school?
Would you ever cheat off a friend's paper?
Have you ever accidentally destroyed something that was important to someone else?
Are you scared of dying? Why?
What would you do if your closest friend or crush left you?
Do you like where you live?
Are there any words that you simply can't stand?
If Jurassic Park were real, would you visit it?
What's your favorite daily routine?
If you could paint your room any color what would you choose?
What do you think is your best physical quality?
Do you think you look worse or better than most people you know?
What are the worst typos you make?
What is the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
What's something that everyone hates, but you like?
If you had to choose, would you rather be too hot or too cold?
What's the meanest thing you've ever done?
What is the best lie you convinced someone that was true?
Have you ever told someone you wouldn’t be home just so they wouldn’t come over to yours?
If you had an extra hour a day that had to be allocated to one specific purpose, how would you use it?
If you could change one thing about your childhood, what would it be?
How much would you do to get your dream guy/girl/partner?
What's the dumbest thing you've done recently?
What is the most recent fact you learned that surprised you?
What is your favourite movie?
Have you ever watched a movie or TV show that you know you’re not allowed?
Who is the most annoying person in the room?
What has surprised you most in life?
What is the worst dream that you have had?
How do you usually react if you receive bad service?
What was the last dream you had?
What is your best talent?
Who is the worst teacher you have ever had, why?
What is the longest amount of time that you have ever been awake?
If you had to be renamed a name other than your own, which would you pick?
What is your special talent?
What's the dumbest dare you've done?
Have you ever picked your nose and ate it?
What's the worst thing you've ever done to someone else?
What is your favorite game?
What's the scariest movie you've ever seen?
What's the first thing you do in the morning?
Who is the nicest person here?
Would you ever want to be famous, and if so, for what?
Have you ever walked into something while on the phone?
Do you think cheating is ever justified?
Would you ever get plastic surgery?
What's something that everyone else likes, but you don't?
Have you skipped school?
What's your favorite thing to do when you're all alone?
What is a fear you overcame?
Have you ever cried during a movie?
What is your dream pet?
Would you prefer to be the opposite/different gender?
What's your favorite emoji?
Have you ever let someone else get punished for something you did?
Have you ever had a terrible house guest? If so, what happened?
Do you look up to anyone here?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve worn to school?
If you got a million dollars, but had to spend it in one day, what would you do with all of your money?
If you were to devote your life to art, what type of art would that be?
Who affects you the most when they are sad in the server?
What's the way you find yourself procrastinating most?
What's something that really happened to you but nobody would believe unless they were there?
Is the dress 'Black and Blue' or 'Gold and White'?
How would you describe someone who is wealthy?
How much money would you need in the bank to feel comfortable to retire today?
If you were to be famous for something, what would that be?
What languages can you speak?
If you could know one thing from the past, what would it be?
What is the most expensive thing you bought that wasn’t a house or a car?
Have you ever stolen anything?
What animal are you scared of?
If you could take away one bad thing in the world, what would it be?
Have you ever broken something and not told anyone?
Could you go two months without talking to your friends?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
Have you ever played sick because you didn't want to see a friend?
Have you ever drawn on someone when they were asleep?
What's the worst piece of advice you ever got from someone?
What was your New Year's resolution? How's it coming along?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have put on social media?
If you could make one of your dreams come true, which would it be?
Do you cover your eyes during scary movie scenes?
What do you think about your IRL friends?
If you had the opportunity to look through someone's email without them knowing, would you?
What animal do you think best reflects your personality?
What is your favorite sport in the Olympics?
If you could accomplish three things in life what would they be?
Which parent are you closer to, and why?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's the best part of rain?
What's the weirdest thing you've done on a plane?
What would you like to do in the future that you don't dare to do now?
What's the most embarrassing thing that you've put on social media?
What's the story behind why you replaced the last phone you had?
Have you ever said you finished your dinner when you really didn’t?
What's the most expensive thing you've stolen?
Where are you from?
What is your favorite movie and why?
What is your favourite sport?
How many selfies do you take per day?
Do you play any sports?
What's the best compliment you've received?
Imagine that you're on a deserted island and can only bring 2 things with you. What would they be?
What is your favourite school subject?
What's your least favorite song?
What is the longest that you have ever been without taking a shower?
Who's your least favorite person in this server?
Have you ever clipped your toenails in public?
Do you brush your teeth twice a day?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Do you bite your nails?
What is your favorite food?
Do you talk to yourself in the mirror?
What's one thing you'd like to do if there were no consequences?
What was the nastiest prank you've ever played on someone?
Do you pick your nose?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What is your favorite movie/tv/video game character?
What's your favorite dessert?
When you want to escape from everyone, where do you go?
Have you ever cried during a movie? If so, which one?
What is the most annoying thing that one of your siblings does?
What's the last thing that you broke and how did it happen?
What are the three qualities you feel are most important in a friend?
If you were put in a random place in your city/town, could you find your way home?
If you had one week to live and had to marry someone here, who would it be?
How many times a day do you brush your teeth?
What's the most beautiful place you've ever been to?
What is the grossest thing you've done today?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is the craziest thing you've ever watched?
Have you ever skipped school?
Who's the worst person you've ever met?
If everyone here was in a horror movie, who would die first?
Do you sleep naked?
What is the next thing you have on your to-buy list?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
