Have you ever tried ecstasy?
Have you ever taken it in the butt or would you?
What is the weirdest thing you dreamt of doing with someone?
What time of day is your sex drive highest?
What are some personality traits that turn you off?
Would you ever have sex in a public place?
Who here do you want to have sex with the most?
Would you ever have sex for money?
What is your idea of perfect foreplay?
When and where do you masturbate?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What is your least favourite position?
If you could flash one person here, who would it be?
What's the naughtiest thing you've ever done in the shower?
What's the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
Have you ever tasted cum?
What is a somewhat weird fetish that you would actually try?
Do you think size matters?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever been caught doing?
Have you ever considered a threesome?
What is your opinion on MILFS/DILFS?
Have you ever blacked out because of drinking?
Have you ever had a threesome?
What do you wear to bed when you are in the mood?
What is your favorite porn site?
Do you like a lot of foreplay? What kind?
Have you ever slept with someone of the same sex?
Would you make out with someone to climb up the social ladder?
Have you ever gone streaking? If so, how was it and who were you with?
Have you ever worn a condom?
After how many dates do you usually have sex?
Who in this group would you want to see naked the least?
Who is the oldest person you've had sex with?
Have you ever been in a friends with benefits situation?
Who here is most likely to be a bottom?
Have you ever gotten a DUI?
Have you ever done something in the shower?
Have you ever used lube?
What can turn you on at any time at any place?
What is something that someone does that will immediately turn you off?
What is your favourite type of foreplay?
How did you lose your virginity?
Who's your favorite pornstar?
What's your body count?
How do you feel about threesomes? Have you ever had one, and if not, would you ever have one?
What is your biggest turn on?
How kinky do you think you are?
What's the weirdest thing you've masturbated with/to?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Have you ever had an STD?
Have you ever been high?
What is your biggest fantasy?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
With whom would you like to have sex? A favorite position?
What was the most uncomfortably sexual thing you experienced?
How old were you when you masturbated for the first time?
Have you ever sent nudes to someone?
Have you ever done it in the great outdoors? If so, where?
Have you ever had sex with your partner?
How many exes numbers are currently in your phone?
What’s a sex act most people like that you think is overrated?
How do you prefer sex; slow and teasing, or hot and steamy?
When was the last time you were horny?
What’s the filthiest thing you’ve imagined doing to someone?
Have you ever taken an STD test? What was the result?
Have you ever flashed someone?
If you had to choose between only oral sex or only penetrative sex for the rest of your life, which one would you pick?
When was the first time you got drunk?
Are you loud during sex?
What are some personality traits that turn you on?
Who in this group would you want to see naked the most?
Would you go to a nude beach?
What is your favorite porn genre?
What would you like to do with your partner that you haven't done yet?
Have you ever used an embarrassing novelty condom (for example, that glows in the dark or has a picture of Darth Vader on it)?
What is your favorite sex position?
What's the weirdest thing you've done while drunk?
What is the sexiest part of the body?
What’s the weirdest thing you've ever done in front of the mirror?
Do you have same-sex fantasies?
Assuming every person has their price, what is yours?
Who or what do you think about while touching yourself?
What is the longest time you've gone without sex?
If I gave you a free pass to hook up with one celebrity, who would it be and why?
Have you ever made out with someone in this group?
What is your biggest sexual fear?
Have you ever tasted urine? What did it taste like and how did it happen?
Have you ever faked an orgasm?
Have you ever blacked out from drinking too much?
How many people have you slept with?
Have you ever talked on the phone while being pleasured?
Have you ever filmed yourself getting dirty?
Have you ever had sex with a classmate?
Do you have any fetishes? If so, what are they?
Do you like a lot of foreplay? What sorts?
Do you prefer to have music in the background, or for it to be quiet?
Have you ever hooked up with the same sex?
What particular detail turns you on about people you find attractive?
Who was your worst kiss ever?
What is your favorite position?
Do you prefer the lights on or off?
Did you ever fantasize about a teacher or an authority figure? Who and what was it?
Have you ever done anything dirty with someone?
What kind of foreplay would you like to try?
Have you ever been in a threesome? Would you ever?
What's something dirty you've always been too shy to say to someone?
Have you ever used sex toys?
What's an item on your sexual bucket list?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
What is the most amount of shots that you have taken in one night?
Are you into BDSM play?
What’s something most people consider a turn-off, but that turns you on?
Did you smoke or drink before college? Or did you start when you got here?
Does size matter?
When was the strongest orgasm you ever have, and what was it like?
Would you have sex on a first date?
Have you ever had a threesome? If so, what was the ratio of guys to girls?
Do you like feet?
What is the longest amount of time that you have gone without intercourse?
What is the most annoying thing that your roommate has ever done?
If you had to pick two people here to have a threesome with, who would it be?
What's better, good looking or good in bed?
What is your weirdest fetish?
What do you think about masturbation? If okay, how often in a week do you do it?
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Have you ever used a food item to masturbate?
If you had to do 'seven minutes in heaven' with someone here, who would you pick?
When was the first time you smoked?
Do you have any fetishes/kinks?
Have you ever done a strip-tease for someone?
Have you ever climaxed when still fully clothed?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
Have you ever been to a sex club? Would you go if you were invited?
Have you ever fantasized about someone (here) to tie you up?
What are some of your turn-ons and turn-offs?
What would be a perfect sex toy for you?
Have you ever sucked dick?
What's the hottest dream you've ever had?
Do you think toe sucking is totally hot or really gross?
If you could have sex with anybody in the world, who would it be?
Have you ever masturbated?
Have you ever watched hentai, and if so, did you enjoy it?
Have you ever slept with someone, then woke up wishing you never have?
How long was your longest orgasm?
At what age did you start watching porn?
Have you ever fantasized about a person in front of you?
Have you ever had sex with someone here?
How long does your ideal quickie last?
Have you ever had a one night stand? If so, how many have you had?
Did you smoke or drink before you turned the legal age?
If you had to torture one person here, not being yourself, who would it be?
Have you ever had sex in your parent's bed?
Have you ever thought about being a stripper?
Who do you know that you think is probably really kinky?
Have you ever sent nudes to someone from here?
What's the most exciting place you've ever had sex?
If you could have 1 sexual superpower what would it be?
What does your partner prefer on you: briefs, boxers, thong?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What it is?
Do you prefer the lights on or off during sex?
Have you ever walked in on your parents?
What is your "sweet spot"?
Spit or Swallow?
How do you like to be kissed?
Have you ever watched another couple have sex?
When was the last time you watched porn?
Have you ever done hard drugs?
What are some of your fetishes?
What bra or underwear size do you wear?
Who’s the most inappropriate person you’ve ever had a fantasy about?
If you could have a threesome with two other people here, who would you pick?
Have you ever been to a sex shop? If so, what did you buy/wanted to buy there?
Would you ever watch your partner have sex with someone else?
What’s #1 on your sexual bucket list right now?
Do you like loud or silent people in bed?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
Could you live without watching “adult videos"?
Who's the hottest one here?
How many people have you kissed?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever done while under the influence?
Are you sexually attracted to anyone in the group?
