Send 5 pleading emojis to the last person you DMed
Pair everyone here up into couples.
Where are you on the straight-gay spectrum? Be honest!
Send the 8th person in your DMs something embarrassing.
Kiss the player you think looks the cutest.
Send the pleading emoji to the 2nd person in your DMs
Exchange a clothing item with the player on your right.
Kiss someone of your same gender.
Text your crush 'I love you'.
Describe your first partner.
Tell the group about your worst experience on a date.
Propose to someone in the group
Tell us your cheesiest pick-up line.
Act like an animal for the next minute
Call someone you're playing with 'mommy' or 'daddy'
Show the last DM you sent without context
Do whatever someone else wants for the rest of the day.
Call your crush and try to make conversation for a minute.
Kiss someone for 1 minute.
Send every curse word you can think of in chat.
Show the group a picture of one person you find very attractive.
Rate everyone here 1-10 in terms of looks.
Send a paragraph to your crush about 3 things you love about them.
Tell the last person you texted that you're pregnant/got someone pregnant.
List three things you like about your crush.
Yell a swear word really loudly
Sit on the lap of the person you like for 5 mins.
Tell your crush that you like them
Act like a furry to the 5th person in your DM list's DMs
Tell your crush you hate them.
Slap your face.
Call your crush and serenade them.
Change your Discord PFP to whatever the group decides.
Sit in the lap of the person to your left for 3 turns.
Lick the neck of the person next to you.
Send knee pics to the group.
Describe your crush, but don't give it away.
Text to your bff 'I kinda have a crush on you wanna go out?' And don't reply to any of their messages.
What is your favorite thing about the opposite gender (or the gender that you are attracted to?)
Show the last text message you have received without context .
Text your ex and ask them 'How's it going?'.
Pretend to date someone for a day.
Write a love poem to the first person in the offline list
Ask someone in this server out on a date.
Kiss the person who you think is the best friend to you.
Send a text to your crush explaining your favorite movie plot in vivid detail.
Have you ever kissed someone in public
Tell the 3rd person in your DMs that you love them
Tell everyone about your last kiss.
Text your crush about how much you like them, but don't reply to them after that.
Slap the last person who talked besides yourself.
Change your status to "I'm a furry, deal with it uwu"
Ask someone out of a gender you aren't attracted to.
Lick the wall.
Sit on one person's lap for two minutes.
Ask your crush who they have a crush on.
Tell your crush that you don't love them.
Send your partner a fake breakup message.
Send the most furry-like message possible
Let someone go through your Amazon purchase history and read it out to the group.
Kiss the person to your left, either on the hand or cheek.
Rate everyone here 1-10 in terms of personality.
Let someone go through your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
Hold hands with the player on your right for 3 minutes.
Lick someone's hand.
Curse as badly as you can for 20 seconds.
