Send a Snapchat to your ex.
Don't touch your phone for an hour after the game is over.
Play the last song you listened to. No lying!
Take a sniff of everyone playing.
Call your first DM for no reason
Eat a packet of hot sauce.
Play a song of the next person's choosing.
Name as many countries as you can
Google images of the first word that comes to your head and send the first image
Type a sentence about food with your eyes closed.
Prank call McDonalds
Sharpie an embarrassing message on any part of the body covered by clothing.
Text the last 6 people in your DMs 'I love you'.
Text the first six people in your message history 'a' and don't reply if they bring it up.
Send the most cringe message ever
Send a weird picture of yourself.
Send your crush something wholesome
Tweet '*insert popular band name here* fans are the worst' and don't reply to any of the angry comments.
Take a shot of mustard or ketchup.
Answer the next truth question with complete honesty
Name one thing you would change about each person here.
Make an owo emote for the group.
Use Discord light theme for an hour
Take a shot of lemon juice, and take one more every time someone picks dare.
Let the group decide your outfit for tomorrow.
Show the group an embarrasing picture of you.
Send a meme you've made
Hold your breath for 10 seconds
Show the group the insides of your closet.
Show everyone the earliest picture in your camera roll.
Make up a country song off the top of your head
Talk in an accent for the next 10 minutes.
Show everyone here the last 5 messages with the last person you messaged/messaged you.
Type with only one finger for the next minute
Have a matching pfp with who you like for 3 days.
Show everyone your DMs list
Link everyone to the last song you listened to.
Ask a friend for their mom's phone number
Name as many types of car as you can
Post the latest photo you took to instagram
Ask a random person in this server if you've met them before
Text your parents "something crazy just happened" and share what they say
Send your favorite meme
Block the fifth person in your DMs.
Text the third person in your message history 'last night was great' with a heart.
Call one of your parents and then tell them they are grounded for a week
Do a yoga pose for 3 minutes.
Make/bake a cake.
Call a random person and sing happy birthday to them
Are you a 'glass half full' or a 'glass half empty' person? (optimist or pessimist)
List the things on your desk
Sing a lullaby in VC.
Let the group look through your phone for 30 seconds.
Show everyone something you wrote/drew when you were younger.
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist for 1 minute.
Hug the object/person nearest you.
Choose 3 people here and tell them the latest lie you told to them here (not in DMs).
Describe the last dream you had.
Post your favorite photo on your phone
Tell the other players something they don't know about you
Don't charge your phone until it dies.
Listen to a country song
Tell your best friend that you're a furry
Send a message to someone you haven't talked to in a year
Send the worst meme you've made
Ping a friend to join!
Try to lick your elbow
Eat an ice cube
Name something you've always wanted, but is too expensive to buy.
Let your friends post something on your social media
Name a famous person that you would like to be friends with.
Switch to Discord light mode for the rest of the day
Show everyone the funniest meme in your camera roll.
Send a sentence without the words: but, a, the, or
Stand up and spin in a circle three times.
Let the group pose you in an embarrassing position and take a picture.
Show everyone here the worst picture of you that you can find.
Show everyone the last picture in your camera roll.
Have someone in the group ask a question that you must answer
Prank call your best friend
Close your eyes and send a blind message to a random person
Have everyone here list something they like about you
Let someone here do your makeup.
Talk in a very deep voice for the next round
Hum a song of your choice, don’t stop until someone correctly guesses the song
Tell the group something about you that you've never told them before
Send a photo of your desk
Send the fifth person in your message history 20 seconds of keyboard spam.
Scream at the top of your lungs whatever the chat wants.
Try not to blink for as long as possible
Change your phone wallpaper to the choice of the group for 7 days.
Ask someone random for a hug
Post a selfie.
Eat a piece of paper.
Sing a song of the groups choice, in a VC.
Ghost ping the person you like.
Go to the first person you know on your instagram feed and like every photo on their profile.
List everything in your wallet
Say UWU for as long as possible
Send a message only using your toes
Voice act a cartoon character of the group's choice.
DM someone "hi" and respond with "banana" to everything they say
Put on makeup if you don't wear makeup and it's available, take off all your makeup if you're wearing it.
Do your best impersonation of the question asker or someone in the group.
Rickroll someone
Show everyone an embarrassing childhood picture of you.
Do an impression of your favorite celebrity
Send one of your favorite playlists!
Delete the last 10 pictures in your camera roll permanently (remove them from recently deleted too).
Call your parents and talk about the weather in a british accent
Screenshot your most played songs and show it to the group.
Send the last meme you saved to your phone
You know, I’ve always wondered... (fill in the blank)
Give your friends your unlocked phone for 30 seconds
Prank call your enemy
Everyone here take a snack break - ToD Bot team.
Name as many types of food as you can
Give yourself a haircut.
Breakdance for the group.
Screen share your search history from today.
Tell the other players something you've never told anyone before
Type as fast as you can for the next minute
Put ice in your clothes and wait until it melts.
Show the group your latest YouTube searches
Send a photo of where you are
Use your non-dominant hand for an hour
Talk with a Russian accent for the next 3 rounds
Lick the bottom of your shoe/foot.
Show your lock screen and wallpaper.
Share one of your playlists
Type without vowels for the next minute
Send your favorite joke
Take a picture of you doing over-done ducklips.
Let the group decide your status for 7 days.
Take a picture of yourself and show it to the group.
Let someone go through your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
Lick the floor.
Show the group an embarrassing photo from your childhood.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Be really annoying for the next minute
Post the fanciest photo you've ever taken
Kiss someone of your same gender.
Talk about a time that you failed in life.
Everything you say for the next 5 rounds has to rhyme.
Prank call the last person that called you
Let the group choose your profile picture for the next day
List everyone as the emoji(s) you think best fits them.
Speak only in emojis for the next 5 minutes
Invite anyone in the group's choosing to join the call.
Tie your shoe strings together and try to walk to the door and back
Fake cry for the group.
Send the first word that comes to your mind right now
Make up a rap and sing it for 30 seconds
Show the list of people in your DMs.
Use a furry pfp for 24 hours
Imitate a behaviour of who you like.
Send a screenshot of the bottom of your DMs list
Try to tickle yourself
Do as many pushups or situps as you can in a minute.
Sing a song for the group.
Post the oldest photo on your phone
Wear a clothing item often associated with a different gender tomorrow
Ghost ping someone
Describe everyone in the room in three words.
Make a poem using the words orange and moose
Name as many cities as you can
Send a picture of the item closest to your phone.
Do an impression of your most annoying teacher
Show everyone here your last 10 google searches.
Send a song you're embarrassed to listen to
Draw a face around your belly button.
Share your phone's wallpaper
Show everyone your recent calls
Pretend to be another player for the next round
Send a picture of your favourite stuffed animal.
Send a passive-aggressive message to a friend
Name every ocean
Type with only the left side of your keyboard for the next minute
Show everyone the last YouTube video you watched.
Imitate your least favorite celebrity
List everyone as the kind of animal you see them as.
Show everyone here your screen time.
