Attempt to turn the other players on using only sounds.
Out of the first three people in the member list, pick one to Fuck, one to Marry, and one to Kill.
Look player of you choice in the eyes and whisper 'I'm coming' five times.
Stay either shirtless or pantsless for the rest of the game.
Yell something dirty.
Go commando for the rest of the game.
Make out with the person with their name last in alphabetical order.
Tell everyone your darkest secret.
Dirty talk one person here for 1 minute.
Tell us about the best orgasm you've ever had.
Fake an orgasm for the group.
Ask a person of your choice in your DMs to fuck you.
Describe your ideal kiss in detail.
Send the group a sexy photo.
Reveal either your dick size or bra size to the group.
Kiss someone's neck here.
Tell a dirty joke.
Suck on the person to your left's fingers for 30 seconds.
Have phone sex with someone from this server in this server in front of everyone.
In three words, describe what you are like in bed.
Show your BDSM test results
Make out with one person in the group for 30 seconds.
Out of the first three people in the offline list, pick one to Fuck, one to Marry, and one to Kill.
Make out with the person with their name first in alphabetical order.
Kiss someone here three times.
Ask the third person in your DMs to join you for a threesome.
Ask someone to go to a strip club with you.
Suck on the toes of one person in the group.
Write a dirty fantasy for the group around 300 words long.
Kiss a person of your choice in this group.
Leave an R-rated voicemail for player of your choice.
What's one thing on your 'sex bucket list?'
Type "p" into your search bar and send a screenshot of the results
Join voice chat and give your most sexual moan.
Describe one of your sexual experiences vividly for the group.
Point at one person blindfolded, and kiss the person that you picked.
Out of the last three people to send a message in this channel, pick one to Fuck, one to Marry, and one to Kill.
Either give a lap dance to someone or pick someone to give you a lapdance.
Ask a person in this server to have phone sex with you.
Make out with someone for five minutes straight.
Pretend the group is clueless and explain how to give good head for everyone.
Imitate a female orgasm.
Pick one person here to go into a closet or small room with you for 5 minutes.
Give us one example of a time you tried seducing someone that went horribly wrong!
Pick one person in the group, and try to convince them to kiss you for 2 minutes. They have to refuse for 2 minutes, and then it's up to them.
Announce who you think is the sexiest member here, online or not.
Send a dirty text to your ex.
